index.md, before:

---
title: "Welcome to Rapture"
keywords: sample homepage
tags: [getting_started]
permalink: index.html
summary: This site contains the documentation for Rapture, a BDSM-themed Discord Server.
---

# Welcome to Rapture

Rapture is a BDSM-themed Discord Server.  It is currently invite-only.

This site has all of the documentation that is used on the server, including rules, policies, text, etc.  It also has the moderation manual that is used by the moderation team.

## Licenses

The documents and text, unless specifically noted within a file or section, is released via the [Creative Commons BY-NC-SA license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/).

Any code snippet provided to execute commands to any Discord bot is released (to the extend that is legally feasible) via the [MIT License](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/), respecting any bot's specific commands that may or may not be copyrightable.  Should they be copyrightable, commands are used within Fair Use guidelines.

Any other source code, code snippets not covered in the previous statement, configuration files, or other similar files are released via the [GNU GPL 3.0](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/gpl-3.0/) with the [Commons Clause 1.0](https://commonsclause.com/) prepended.

Commit message:

Added Rapture Invite Iframe
and clarified "Why" for mod docs

index.md, after:

---
title: "Welcome to Rapture"
keywords: sample homepage
tags: [getting_started]
permalink: index.html
summary: This site contains the documentation for Rapture, a BDSM-themed Discord Server.
---

# Welcome to Rapture

Rapture is a BDSM-themed Discord Server.  To join, you must have a Discord account.  To join, click the link below:

<iframe src="https://discord.com/widget?id=752074304224755752&theme=dark" width="350" height="500" allowtransparency="true" frameborder="0" sandbox="allow-popups allow-popups-to-escape-sandbox allow-same-origin allow-scripts"></iframe>

This site has all of the documentation that is used on the server, including rules, policies, text, etc.  It also has the moderation manual that is used by the moderation team.

## Licenses

The documents and text, unless specifically noted within a file or section, is released via the [Creative Commons BY-NC-SA license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/).

Any code snippet provided to execute commands to any Discord bot is released (to the extend that is legally feasible) via the [MIT License](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/), respecting any bot's specific commands that may or may not be copyrightable.  Should they be copyrightable, commands are used within Fair Use guidelines.

Any other source code, code snippets not covered in the previous statement, configuration files, or other similar files are released via the [GNU GPL 3.0](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/gpl-3.0/) with the [Commons Clause 1.0](https://commonsclause.com/) prepended.
