channel_text/landing-zone/profile-and-roles.md, before:

---
sort: 4
---

# Profile and Roles

These roles may get "reset" from time-to-time.  If that is the case, simply re-react to the role you want to remove and then remove the reaction.

+++

-- message break -- 

Select your DMs Status.  By default, all users have their DMs set to Closed.  This can be changed at any time but if you do, remember to update your Introduction to match.

:white_check_mark: Open DMs
:question: Ask to DM in chat
:x: Closed DMs

Please note staff members are permitted to DM for server-related tasks as needed.  If a staff member abuses this privilege, please contact the server admins.

```
!rr addmany <#752159904722190387> MESSAGE_ID 
:white_check_mark: <@&752312388442783815>
:question: <@&752312392255275069>
:x: <@&752312379727151178>

!rr unique MESSAGE_ID

!purge 4
```

+++

Select your gender.  You are welcome to self-identify here.  Please make your choice carefully.  Once selected you will need to create a <#752172092426027108> to change it.

:male_sign: Male
:female_sign: Female
:TransFtM: TransFtM
:TransMtF: TransMtF
:trident: Non-Binary


```
!rr addmany <#752159904722190387> MESSAGE_ID 
:male_sign: <@&752293387352277063>
:female_sign: <@&752293767574454363>
:TransFtM: <@&752308344571691069>
:TransMtF: <@&752308428143198268>
:trident: <@&752308499429720064>

!rr binding MESSAGE_ID

!purge 4
```

-- message break --

+++

Select your age.  Once set, changing it requires a support ticket.  Please select your honest age range.

:baby_chick: 18-23
:chicken: 24-29
:fox: 30+
:eagle: 40+
:owl: 50+

```
!rr addmany <#752159904722190387> MESSAGE_ID 
:baby_chick: <@&752464229189288056>
:chicken: <@&752464231026393120>
:fox: <@&752464233270214716>
:eagle: <@&752464234666917929>
:owl: <@&752464236373868575>

!rr binding MESSAGE_ID

!purge 4
```

-- message break --

+++

Select as many sexual preferences as you'd like.  You can change these as often as you prefer.

:male_sign: I like men
:female_sign: I like women
:smiling_face_with_3_hearts: I am pansexual
:brain: I am sapiosexual

```
!rr addmany <#752159904722190387> MESSAGE_ID 
:male_sign: <@&752311853278953502>
:female_sign: <@&752311979384766555>
:smiling_face_with_3_hearts: <@&752312008837300315>
:brain: <@&752312047114387506>

!purge 2
```

-- message break --

+++

Select as many pingable roles as you would like.  You can change these as often as you prefer.

:video_game: Controller: I would like to be pinged when someone requests a toy controller
:movie_camera: Movies: I would like to be pinged for Movies
:partying_face: Display: I would like to be pinged for Displays
:calendar_spiral: Other Events: I would like to be pinged for Server Events


```
!rr addmany <#752159904722190387> MESSAGE_ID 
:video_game: <@&752295305382330389>
:movie_camera: <@&752454714850934804>
:partying_face: <@&752454831192670268>
:calendar_spiral: <@&752454710774071326>

!purge 2
```

-- message break --

+++

Select your BDSM roles.  Change as often as you prefer.  Keep in mind if you are a Switch that leans Dominant, select "Switch" and "Dominant".  Selecting all three just doesn't make a ton of sense.

:regional_indicator_v: Vanilla - I'm not into BDSM
:regional_indicator_e: Exploring - I'm new to BDSM
:regional_indicator_d: Dominant
:regional_indicator_s: Submissive
:twisted_rightwards_arrows: Switch


```
!rr addmany <#752159904722190387> MESSAGE_ID 
:regional_indicator_v: <@&752456289518485576>
:regional_indicator_e: <@&752456291992993792>
:regional_indicator_d: <@&752456294430015489>
:regional_indicator_s: <@&752456296749596722>
:twisted_rightwards_arrows: <@&752456298733502475>

!purge 2
```


-- message break --

+++

Optionally, what's your relationship status?  You can select more than one here but some are mutually exclusive.

:one: Single
:hugging: Taken
:smiling_face_with_3_hearts: Open/Poly
:twisted_rightwards_arrows: It's Complicated


```
!rr addmany <#752159904722190387> MESSAGE_ID 
:one: <@&752457495703978034>
:hugging: <@&752457498455441408>
:smiling_face_with_3_hearts: <@&752457501638918144>
:twisted_rightwards_arrows: <@&752457512468611132>

!purge 2
```

-- message break --

+++

Optionally, select what you're looking for.

:mag: Seeking a Relationship/Play-Partner
:cruise_ship: Friendship
:x: Nothing


```
!rr addmany <#752159904722190387> MESSAGE_ID 
:mag: <@&752458321977671741>
:cruise_ship: <@&752458328579375174>
:x: <@&752458333214081035>

!purge 2
```

-- message break --

Commit message:

Added new server ping roles.

channel_text/landing-zone/profile-and-roles.md, after:

---
sort: 4
---

# Profile and Roles

These roles may get "reset" from time-to-time.  If that is the case, simply re-react to the role you want to remove and then remove the reaction.

+++

-- message break -- 

Select your DMs Status.  By default, all users have their DMs set to Closed.  This can be changed at any time but if you do, remember to update your Introduction to match.

:white_check_mark: Open DMs
:question: Ask to DM in chat
:x: Closed DMs

Please note staff members are permitted to DM for server-related tasks as needed.  If a staff member abuses this privilege, please contact the server admins.

```
!rr addmany <#752159904722190387> MESSAGE_ID 
:white_check_mark: <@&752312388442783815>
:question: <@&752312392255275069>
:x: <@&752312379727151178>

!rr unique MESSAGE_ID

!purge 4
```

+++

Select your gender.  You are welcome to self-identify here.  When you select the appropriate reaction, Carl-bot will immediately remove it but will grant you the role.

Please make your choice carefully.  Once selected you will need to create a <#752172092426027108> to change it.

:male_sign: Male
:female_sign: Female
:TransFtM: TransFtM
:TransMtF: TransMtF
:trident: Non-Binary


```
!rr addmany <#752159904722190387> MESSAGE_ID 
:male_sign: <@&752293387352277063>
:female_sign: <@&752293767574454363>
:TransFtM: <@&752308344571691069>
:TransMtF: <@&752308428143198268>
:trident: <@&752308499429720064>

!rr binding MESSAGE_ID

!purge 4
```

-- message break --

+++

Select your age.  Once set, changing it requires a support ticket.  Please select your honest age range.  

When you select the appropriate reaction, Carl-bot will immediately remove it but will grant you the role.

:baby_chick: 18-23
:chicken: 24-29
:fox: 30+
:eagle: 40+
:owl: 50+

```
!rr addmany <#752159904722190387> MESSAGE_ID 
:baby_chick: <@&752464229189288056>
:chicken: <@&752464231026393120>
:fox: <@&752464233270214716>
:eagle: <@&752464234666917929>
:owl: <@&752464236373868575>

!rr binding MESSAGE_ID

!purge 4
```

-- message break --

+++

Select as many sexual preferences as you'd like.  You can change these as often as you prefer.

:male_sign: I like men
:female_sign: I like women
:smiling_face_with_3_hearts: I am pansexual
:brain: I am sapiosexual

```
!rr addmany <#752159904722190387> MESSAGE_ID 
:male_sign: <@&752311853278953502>
:female_sign: <@&752311979384766555>
:smiling_face_with_3_hearts: <@&752312008837300315>
:brain: <@&752312047114387506>

!purge 2
```

-- message break --

+++

Select as many pingable roles as you would like.  You can change these as often as you prefer.

:video_game: Controller: I would like to be pinged when someone requests a toy controller
:speaker: General VC: I would like to be pinged for voice-chat (This role will most likely deleted once this server has 50 people)
:game_die: Games: I would like to be pinged when the server is playing games (e.g. Cards Against Humanity, Among Us, etc.  NOT for streaming games.)
:movie_camera: Movies: I would like to be pinged for Movies
:partying_face: Display: I would like to be pinged for Displays
:calendar_spiral: Other Events: I would like to be pinged for Server Events


```
!rr addmany <#752159904722190387> MESSAGE_ID 
:video_game: <@&752295305382330389>
:speaker: <@&771815629270941736>
:game_die: <@&771864559601844234>
:movie_camera: <@&752454714850934804>
:partying_face: <@&752454831192670268>
:calendar_spiral: <@&752454710774071326>

!purge 2
```

-- message break --

+++

Select your BDSM roles.  Change as often as you prefer.  Keep in mind if you are a Switch that leans Dominant, select "Switch" and "Dominant".  Selecting all three just doesn't make a ton of sense.

:regional_indicator_v: Vanilla - I'm not into BDSM
:regional_indicator_e: Exploring - I'm new to BDSM
:regional_indicator_d: Dominant
:regional_indicator_s: Submissive
:twisted_rightwards_arrows: Switch


```
!rr addmany <#752159904722190387> MESSAGE_ID 
:regional_indicator_v: <@&752456289518485576>
:regional_indicator_e: <@&752456291992993792>
:regional_indicator_d: <@&752456294430015489>
:regional_indicator_s: <@&752456296749596722>
:twisted_rightwards_arrows: <@&752456298733502475>

!purge 2
```


-- message break --

+++

Optionally, what's your relationship status?  You can select more than one here but some are mutually exclusive.

:one: Single
:hugging: Taken
:smiling_face_with_3_hearts: Open/Poly
:twisted_rightwards_arrows: It's Complicated


```
!rr addmany <#752159904722190387> MESSAGE_ID 
:one: <@&752457495703978034>
:hugging: <@&752457498455441408>
:smiling_face_with_3_hearts: <@&752457501638918144>
:twisted_rightwards_arrows: <@&752457512468611132>

!purge 2
```

-- message break --

+++

Optionally, select what you're looking for.

:mag: Seeking a Relationship/Play-Partner
:cruise_ship: Friendship
:x: Nothing


```
!rr addmany <#752159904722190387> MESSAGE_ID 
:mag: <@&752458321977671741>
:cruise_ship: <@&752458328579375174>
:x: <@&752458333214081035>

!purge 2
```

-- message break --
