channel_text/landing-zone/rules-and-policies.md, before:

---
sort: 2
---

# Rules and Policies

On behalf of the staff and all our members, we're happy to have you here.  Please take a moment to read through our rules and polices.  There are a lot of them and we know you won't remember them all.  But please note that by joining our membership you agree to abide by them.  These rules written with everyone's safety and security in mind, including yours.

+++

-- message break --

**__Policies__**

1.  The Server Admins have final authority on all server-related decisions, including, but not limited to, server content, membership, moderator actions, bans, mutes, etc.  Their word is final, without further review.  Admins have wide-sweeping authority and the responsibility that comes with it.
2.  The Moderators have delegated authority to **mute**, **jail**, and **temporarily ban** any Discord user.  They exercise these permissions for the betterment of the server and to assist in keeping this place safe.  Permanent bans are decided on a case-by-case basis and if a user is found to be particularly toxic or disruptive, may face immediate permanent ban.
3.  Members who have specific complaints about another member should create a <#752172092426027108>.  Please do not publically denounce someone.
4.  The Admins and Moderators balance the needs of the community with the specific needs of an individual.  When in doubt, safety and security will supercede the short-term harm that may come to the server.  If you're being harassed by a specific member, please let a staff member know.  Even if they aren't breaking a rule, if someone makes you uncomfortable, **LET US KNOW!!**  We can't help you if we don't know.  If a member of staff is making you uncomfortable, please let a Server Admin know.
5.  While staff members entrusted with additional responsibility, they are not above the rules.  If you see a staff member breaking the rules, please DM a server admin.
6.  Verification is encouraged and only required when being underage is suspected.  Anyone on the mod team may request you to verify at any time.  All such verification demands will be handled through the Verification System.

+++

-- message break --

The policies in this channel are managed and tracked through Github.  Major rewrites to the rules will increase the first (or major) number of the version number while minor additions/subtractions will increase the second number (known as a minor number).  Typographical revisions, spelling corrections, etc. will add a third (patch) number.  The rule version is always available on the last message in this channel and diffs between each version can be found on in the repository: <https://github.com/kmorris896/rapture-discord-server-documentation>

Generally speaking, patches to the rules (the last kind of change), will be done through edits to the original message.  Other changes will often require a full purge and reload of the rules.  We will also let you know via a post in <#753604264147943494> that the rules have been updated.

+++

-- message break --

**__"Competing" Servers and Server Invites __**

We know you have your choice of servers and we thank you for joining ours.  In order to keep membership harassment to a minimum, we ask that you refrain from advertising other BDSM servers in-channel.  We want to be supportive and encourage everyone to explore and share these other servers in established DMs.

DMing members solely to advertise other servers is prohibited and users who receive such DMs should report them immediately.

Admins, moderators, and other staff members of these servers are respectfully requested to create a <#752172092426027108> prior to creating an introduction.  Generally speaking, there would be concern that you are here solely to recruit members to your server.  However, we also know that you may want to go some place where "you're not in charge".  All we ask is that you be honest with us so that your intentions are clear.

Please note that while you are welcome here, we reserve the right to limit your interactions.  For example, even if you verify, we may block access to verified channels.  Or we may make it so that you cannot join VC.  At current, the following restrictions are in place:

-- message break --

- Staff members, moderators, admins, unique role holders of servers that have 2K or more members are not permitted to join without admin approval.
- Staff members, moderators, and admins of other sex toy-related servers (servers that specifically have a toy control or similar channel) must create a <#752172092426027108> prior to creating an introduction and will be required to verify.
- Staff members, moderators, and admins of other BDSM-related servers should (but are not required) create a <#752172092426027108> prior to creating an introduction.
- The above does not apply to "personal" servers so long as:
>  - They are not advertised on Discord's server discovery feature, Disboard or similar website 
>  - People are invited individually, i.e. there is no generalized invite that is shared among non-friends
>  - The total number of members on the server is 100 people or less.  Personal servers

We're not asking much here and believe this balances the desire to hang out as well as maintaining transparency.  You are welcome to use an alt account to maintain anonymity, so long as these alts follow the policy outlined in "Alts/Multiple Accounts" below.  However, using an alt account to **circumvent** this policy is not only rude but bad form.  When creating your support ticket, please indicate that you are using an alt.  We *may* ask you verify your primary account at the discretion of the admins.  

+++

-- message break --

**__Bots__**

The server utilizes many bots to ease the burden of performing administrative actions.  For example, <@235148962103951360> is used to assign roles, mute and ban users, as well as keep logs of all those actions.  One specific feature of <@235148962103951360> is to log deleted and edited messages.  This server uses this feature purely for moderator actions and for investigative duties.  Although the usage of these bots are permitted through Discord's Terms of Service (See the "Your Content" section for details), it is important for you to be aware that such tools are in use on this server.

The server admins invite bots to the server after careful consideration to the benefits of its features and weighing it against the privacy of server members.  Server admins do not have any control over how third-party bots log or monitor usage.  When the decision is made to invite a bot, it is done for the hopes of bettering the server.  With that in mind, please understand that being on this server (or just having an account with Discord) means that your messages may be logged by us, Discord, or bot developers and we may not have much control on what is being done with that information.  

While the admins will attempt to announce the addition or removal of a bot, please note that they may be invited or kicked with no notice.

+++

-- message break --

**__Verification__**

Verification is required if you wish to post lewds or newds.  It also grants you access to verification-specific channels such as gender support channels as well as a verified classifieds channel.

While Verifying is **HIGHLY ENCOURAGED AND RECOMMENDED**, it is not required.  In order to verify, please create a <#752172092426027108>.  Verification occurs in one of three methods:
- **VC with Video**: You will join a moderator on video chat.  He/She will ask you some questions and you'll be done.  Simplist way to verify.
- **Adult Website Verification**: If you are a verified member on a website such as OnlyFans, PornHub, etc. please let your moderator know.  You will be required to prove your identity.
- **Picture verification**: You will be required to take at least two pictures: 
> - Selfie with a **hand-written sign** that has the server name, your Discord Username and Discriminator (the four digit code that comes after the `#`), and the date and time.
> - A second selfie that you will take during verification.  
Pictures must be submitted within 6 hours of the picture being taken and cannot use any filters.

-- message break -- 

Example of a selfie with your username, server name, and date and time:

https://github.com/kmorris896/rapture-discord-server-documentation/raw/main/docs/public-channels/images/VerificationSelfie.png

-- message break --

In all three methods, a picture of a government-issued identification will be required.  You can mask/cover everything except your picture, your date of birth, and your gender.  While we care about how you self-identify, gender is used to help us get weed out catfishes.

Example of a government-issued identification:

https://github.com/kmorris896/rapture-discord-server-documentation/raw/main/docs/public-channels/images/MaskedPassport.jpg

-- message break -- 

Your identity is of paramount importance and we will not store or save pictures you send us.  We highly recommend you delete the pictures from chat once the mod has accepted them.

Please note that mods can request you re-verify at anytime.  While rare, if we suspect you are posting content that is not your own, we may remove your verification role, jail you, and request you re-verify.  The mod team will make use of <#752172092426027108> and will **NEVER** ask you to verify in DMs.

+++

-- message break --

**__Alts/Multiple Accounts__**

Generally speaking, having multiple accounts (commonly referred to as alts) on this server is frowned upon.  While not completely against the rules, sometimes you want to be anonymous and want to lurk without drawing attention.  So long as your alt does not disrupt the decorm and general atmosphere of the server, you *may* have multiple accounts here.  However, if the mods believe you are using an alt to circumvent a block, or to harrass users, the mods have full discretion to take mod action against all accounts that they reasonably believe belong to you, up to and including a ban.

We recommend, but do not require, registering your alt with the server staff by creating a <#752172092426027108>.  Only your main account may be verified.  In order to verify a different account, your verified account will be kicked from the server.  The mods will require you to re-verify as outlined in the "Verification" section.

+++

-- message break --

**__Breaking Rules__**

Everyone here is about having a fun time.  But rule breaks are going to happen.  *Generally speaking*, members who are found to be in violation of the rules may be disciplined in one of the following methods, in order of severity:
- **Verbal Warning**: Often done in chat, a moderator will ping the individual who has broken the rule and remind them kindly to keep the rules in mind.  This is often for minor infractions.
- **Temperary Mute**: Often done in chat, a moderator will ping the individual who has broken the rule and prevent them from chatting for a short period of time, no more than 10 minutes.
- **Official Warning**: Posted in <#752153261342982204>, moderators will name and ping the individual who has broken the rule and why they are receiving the warning.
- **Jail**: Posted in <#752153261342982204>, moderators will name and ping the individual who has broken the rule and place them in an isolated area of the server.  They will only be interact with mods and read server rules.  Jail length is determined by the mod and can be extended for any reason.  Jail length will not exceed 10 days.
- **Temporary Ban**: Posted in <#752153261342982204>, moderators will name and ping the individual who has broken the rule and why they are being banned and for how long.
- **Permanent Ban**: Posted in <#752153261342982204>, moderators will name and ping the individual who has broken the rule and why they are being banned.

Get too many warnings, you'll be banned.  There's no formula and it's up to the discretion of the mods.

Only Jails can be appealed and must be done in the jail channel.

+++

-- message break --

**__How Underage Members are Handled__**

It's important for every member to feel safe in knowing they are talking with (and even possibily playing with) someone who is legally an adult.  The staff believe that there is shared responsibility on ensuring the safety of our members.

If you enter the server and accept the rules, we will accept that you are 18+.  However, a member of the mod team believes you are underage, you will be Jailed and at which point you will need to verify within 48 hours or face a Temporary Ban of 1 year from the server.

If you suspect a person is underage, please inform the staff immediately with a <#752172092426027108>.

+++

-- Message break --

**__Thirst__**

This is a sexual kink server.

If you aren't familiar with the term "thirst", it refers to a general attitude of horniness.  It is often viewed negatively, **especially** when directed toward others.  Thirst is perceived when there is a lack of context, void of any personal relationship with individuals, and the general attitude during chat or VC.

It's okay to be horny and it's okay to be occassionally thirsty.

But excessive thirst, especially directed at New Arrivals or Initiates without a prior exisiting and consenting relationship, will not be tolerated, whether it's on-server or in DMs.  Pushy behavior and repeated offenses are subject to mod action.

+++

-- message break --

**__Selfies__**

You are welcome to post SFW selfies in <#752465698391064676>.  However, please follow the following rules:

- Selfies must be SFW and something you would share publicly on Facebook, LinkedIn, or other some other public social networking site.  In other words, you must be clothed appropriately.
- No children.  Ideally, all persons in the picture should be 18+.  Please use discretion if your friends are under the age of 18.  **The mods have full authority to remove a picture they believe is not appropriate for this server.**
- Repeatedly posting inappropriate pictures will result in a warning.

+++ 

-- message break --

**__Rules__**

1.  The Principles are the guiding factor of all Rules and Policies.  We're not here to be lawyers.  Don't try to find loopholes around these rules or you'll face a ban.
2.  All Discord Guidelines are in effect.
3.  You affirm that you are 18 years old or older.  Please see "How Underage Members are Handled" for details.
4.  Using an alt account to circumvent a ban, harass members, or otherwise cause issues will not only result in a permanent ban but be reported to Discord for violation of their Community Guidelines.
5.  Respect DM settings for all members.  **Do not ping members for DM permission!**  DM permission should occur in-context and while active in chat.  If you share a server with a member, their most restrictive setting applies to this server.  Do not join this server to circumvent DM settings from another server.  Please note: Server Staff will *generally* try to create a <#752172092426027108> attempting to communicate privately with a member.  However, by joining this server, you give permission for a staff member to DM you for server-related issues.
6.  No Doxxing or exposing of private or personal information without permission.  Do not phish people by creating IP-grabbing links or other similar data gathering methods.

-- message break --

7.  Do not DM or Ping "New Arrivals" or fresh "Initiates" unless you are a staff member.  At least let them breath a bit first before you hound them.
8.  Try to keep on the channel's topic or specific purpose.  All channels except for <#752095507618463765> are labeled NSFW.  That being said, please keep NSFW content within context as best as possible.
9.  Self-promotion is only allowed within context and within approved channels.  For example, telling people you make stuff on etsy is completely ok.  But if that's all you chat about, then that's not allowed.
10.  This is an English-speaking server.  Please keep other langauges within context.
11.  Repeatedly causing drama will not be tolerated.  Drama is a part of life and things will naturally happen.  But doing so on a repeated and public basis will result in moderator action.

**"We know it when we see it"**:  There may not be a rule for it.  But we know when someone is trying to be sneaky or creepy.  If it is suspected that this is the case for you, you will be warned or worse.  

+++

-- message break --

All rules and policies are subject to change, but are version controlled.  It is recommended that you keep this channel unmuted for changes that may be published from time to time.  Minor changes, such as clarifications to existing rules or spelling changes, will typically take the form of edits.  Major changes, including the addition of new rules, will often mean this entire channel is purged and re-populated with the new rules.  When this happens, you may either go to our Github repository or watch in our announcements channel for what changes are in effect.

+++

This is version **1.1.1** and was last edited on 9/23/2020.  For details regarding changes between this version and the last version, please visit the last pull request: <https://github.com/kmorris896/rapture-discord-server-documentation/pull/2>

Commit message:

Added Friend Request rule addition
and added bot info information

channel_text/landing-zone/rules-and-policies.md, after:

---
sort: 2
---

# Rules and Policies

On behalf of the staff and all our members, we're happy to have you here.  Please take a moment to read through our rules and polices.  There are a lot of them and we know you won't remember them all.  But please note that by joining our membership you agree to abide by them.  These rules written with everyone's safety and security in mind, including yours.

+++

-- message break --

**__Policies__**

1.  The Server Admins have final authority on all server-related decisions, including, but not limited to, server content, membership, moderator actions, bans, mutes, etc.  Their word is final, without further review.  Admins have wide-sweeping authority and the responsibility that comes with it.
2.  The Moderators have delegated authority to **mute**, **jail**, and **temporarily ban** any Discord user.  They exercise these permissions for the betterment of the server and to assist in keeping this place safe.  Permanent bans are decided on a case-by-case basis and if a user is found to be particularly toxic or disruptive, may face immediate permanent ban.
3.  Members who have specific complaints about another member should create a <#752172092426027108>.  Please do not publically denounce someone.
4.  The Admins and Moderators balance the needs of the community with the specific needs of an individual.  When in doubt, safety and security will supercede the short-term harm that may come to the server.  If you're being harassed by a specific member, please let a staff member know.  Even if they aren't breaking a rule, if someone makes you uncomfortable, **LET US KNOW!!**  We can't help you if we don't know.  If a member of staff is making you uncomfortable, please let a Server Admin know.
5.  While staff members entrusted with additional responsibility, they are not above the rules.  If you see a staff member breaking the rules, please DM a server admin.
6.  Verification is encouraged and only required when being underage is suspected.  Anyone on the mod team may request you to verify at any time.  All such verification demands will be handled through the Verification System.

+++

-- message break --

The policies in this channel are managed and tracked through Github.  Major rewrites to the rules will increase the first (or major) number of the version number while minor additions/subtractions will increase the second number (known as a minor number).  Typographical revisions, spelling corrections, etc. will add a third (patch) number.  The rule version is always available on the last message in this channel and diffs between each version can be found on in the repository: <https://github.com/kmorris896/rapture-discord-server-documentation>

Generally speaking, patches to the rules (the last kind of change), will be done through edits to the original message.  Other changes will often require a full purge and reload of the rules.  We will also let you know via a post in <#753604264147943494> that the rules have been updated.

+++

-- message break --

**__"Competing" Servers and Server Invites __**

We know you have your choice of servers and we thank you for joining ours.  In order to keep membership harassment to a minimum, we ask that you refrain from advertising other BDSM servers in-channel.  We want to be supportive and encourage everyone to explore and share these other servers in established DMs.

DMing members solely to advertise other servers is prohibited and users who receive such DMs should report them immediately.

Admins, moderators, and other staff members of these servers are respectfully requested to create a <#752172092426027108> prior to creating an introduction.  Generally speaking, there would be concern that you are here solely to recruit members to your server.  However, we also know that you may want to go some place where "you're not in charge".  All we ask is that you be honest with us so that your intentions are clear.

Please note that while you are welcome here, we reserve the right to limit your interactions.  For example, even if you verify, we may block access to verified channels.  Or we may make it so that you cannot join VC.  At current, the following restrictions are in place:

-- message break --

- Staff members, moderators, admins, unique role holders of servers that have 2K or more members are not permitted to join without admin approval.
- Staff members, moderators, and admins of other sex toy-related servers (servers that specifically have a toy control or similar channel) must create a <#752172092426027108> prior to creating an introduction and will be required to verify.
- Staff members, moderators, and admins of other BDSM-related servers should (but are not required) create a <#752172092426027108> prior to creating an introduction.
- The above does not apply to "personal" servers so long as:
>  - They are not advertised on Discord's server discovery feature, Disboard or similar website 
>  - People are invited individually, i.e. there is no generalized invite that is shared among non-friends
>  - The total number of members on the server is 100 people or less.  Personal servers

We're not asking much here and believe this balances the desire to hang out as well as maintaining transparency.  You are welcome to use an alt account to maintain anonymity, so long as these alts follow the policy outlined in "Alts/Multiple Accounts" below.  However, using an alt account to **circumvent** this policy is not only rude but bad form.  When creating your support ticket, please indicate that you are using an alt.  We *may* ask you verify your primary account at the discretion of the admins.  

+++

-- message break --

**__Bots__**

The server utilizes many bots to ease the burden of performing administrative actions.  For example, <@235148962103951360> is used to assign roles, mute and ban users, as well as keep logs of all those actions.  One specific feature of <@235148962103951360> is to log deleted and edited messages.  This server uses this feature purely for moderator actions and for investigative duties.  Although the usage of these bots are permitted through Discord's Terms of Service (See the "Your Content" section for details), it is important for you to be aware that such tools are in use on this server.

The server admins invite bots to the server after careful consideration to the benefits of its features and weighing it against the privacy of server members.  Server admins do not have any control over how third-party bots log or monitor usage.  When the decision is made to invite a bot, it is done for the hopes of bettering the server.  With that in mind, please understand that being on this server (or just having an account with Discord) means that your messages may be logged by us, Discord, or bot developers and we may not have much control on what is being done with that information.  

Specific bot information and which channels they have access to is noted in <#759223598337622027>

+++

-- message break --

**__Verification__**

Verification is required if you wish to post lewds or newds.  It also grants you access to verification-specific channels such as gender support channels as well as a verified classifieds channel.

While Verifying is **HIGHLY ENCOURAGED AND RECOMMENDED**, it is not required.  In order to verify, please create a <#752172092426027108>.  Verification occurs in one of three methods:
- **VC with Video**: You will join a moderator on video chat.  He/She will ask you some questions and you'll be done.  Simplist way to verify.
- **Adult Website Verification**: If you are a verified member on a website such as OnlyFans, PornHub, etc. please let your moderator know.  You will be required to prove your identity.
- **Picture verification**: You will be required to take at least two pictures: 
> - Selfie with a **hand-written sign** that has the server name, your Discord Username and Discriminator (the four digit code that comes after the `#`), and the date and time.
> - A second selfie that you will take during verification.  
Pictures must be submitted within 6 hours of the picture being taken and cannot use any filters.

-- message break -- 

Example of a selfie with your username, server name, and date and time:

https://github.com/kmorris896/rapture-discord-server-documentation/raw/main/docs/public-channels/images/VerificationSelfie.png

-- message break --

In all three methods, a picture of a government-issued identification will be required.  You can mask/cover everything except your picture, your date of birth, and your gender.  While we care about how you self-identify, gender is used to help us get weed out catfishes.

Example of a government-issued identification:

https://github.com/kmorris896/rapture-discord-server-documentation/raw/main/docs/public-channels/images/MaskedPassport.jpg

-- message break -- 

Your identity is of paramount importance and we will not store or save pictures you send us.  We highly recommend you delete the pictures from chat once the mod has accepted them.

Please note that mods can request you re-verify at anytime.  While rare, if we suspect you are posting content that is not your own, we may remove your verification role, jail you, and request you re-verify.  The mod team will make use of <#752172092426027108> and will **NEVER** ask you to verify in DMs.

+++

-- message break --

**__Alts/Multiple Accounts__**

Generally speaking, having multiple accounts (commonly referred to as alts) on this server is frowned upon.  While not completely against the rules, sometimes you want to be anonymous and want to lurk without drawing attention.  So long as your alt does not disrupt the decorm and general atmosphere of the server, you *may* have multiple accounts here.  However, if the mods believe you are using an alt to circumvent a block, or to harrass users, the mods have full discretion to take mod action against all accounts that they reasonably believe belong to you, up to and including a ban.

We recommend, but do not require, registering your alt with the server staff by creating a <#752172092426027108>.  Only your main account may be verified.  In order to verify a different account, your verified account will be kicked from the server.  The mods will require you to re-verify as outlined in the "Verification" section.

+++

-- message break --

**__Breaking Rules__**

Everyone here is about having a fun time.  But rule breaks are going to happen.  *Generally speaking*, members who are found to be in violation of the rules may be disciplined in one of the following methods, in order of severity:
- **Verbal Warning**: Often done in chat, a moderator will ping the individual who has broken the rule and remind them kindly to keep the rules in mind.  This is often for minor infractions.
- **Temperary Mute**: Often done in chat, a moderator will ping the individual who has broken the rule and prevent them from chatting for a short period of time, no more than 10 minutes.
- **Official Warning**: Posted in <#752153261342982204>, moderators will name and ping the individual who has broken the rule and why they are receiving the warning.
- **Jail**: Posted in <#752153261342982204>, moderators will name and ping the individual who has broken the rule and place them in an isolated area of the server.  They will only be interact with mods and read server rules.  Jail length is determined by the mod and can be extended for any reason.  Jail length will not exceed 10 days.
- **Temporary Ban**: Posted in <#752153261342982204>, moderators will name and ping the individual who has broken the rule and why they are being banned and for how long.
- **Permanent Ban**: Posted in <#752153261342982204>, moderators will name and ping the individual who has broken the rule and why they are being banned.

Get too many warnings, you'll be banned.  There's no formula and it's up to the discretion of the mods.

Only Jails can be appealed and must be done in the jail channel.

+++

-- message break --

**__How Underage Members are Handled__**

It's important for every member to feel safe in knowing they are talking with (and even possibily playing with) someone who is legally an adult.  The staff believe that there is shared responsibility on ensuring the safety of our members.

If you enter the server and accept the rules, we will accept that you are 18+.  However, a member of the mod team believes you are underage, you will be Jailed and at which point you will need to verify within 48 hours or face a Temporary Ban of 1 year from the server.

If you suspect a person is underage, please inform the staff immediately with a <#752172092426027108>.

+++

-- Message break --

**__Thirst__**

This is a sexual kink server.

If you aren't familiar with the term "thirst", it refers to a general attitude of horniness.  It is often viewed negatively, **especially** when directed toward others.  Thirst is perceived when there is a lack of context, void of any personal relationship with individuals, and the general attitude during chat or VC.

It's okay to be horny and it's okay to be occassionally thirsty.

But excessive thirst, especially directed at New Arrivals or Initiates without a prior exisiting and consenting relationship, will not be tolerated, whether it's on-server or in DMs.  Pushy behavior and repeated offenses are subject to mod action.

+++

-- message break --

**__Selfies__**

You are welcome to post SFW selfies in <#752465698391064676>.  However, please follow the following rules:

- Selfies must be SFW and something you would share publicly on Facebook, LinkedIn, or other some other public social networking site.  In other words, you must be clothed appropriately.
- No children.  Ideally, all persons in the picture should be 18+.  Please use discretion if your friends are under the age of 18.  **The mods have full authority to remove a picture they believe is not appropriate for this server.**
- Repeatedly posting inappropriate pictures will result in a warning.

+++ 

-- message break --

**__Rules__**

1.  The Principles are the guiding factor of all Rules and Policies.  We're not here to be lawyers.  Don't try to find loopholes around these rules or you'll face a ban.
2.  All Discord Guidelines are in effect.
3.  You affirm that you are 18 years old or older.  Please see "How Underage Members are Handled" for details.
4.  Using an alt account to circumvent a ban, harass members, or otherwise cause issues will not only result in a permanent ban but be reported to Discord for violation of their Community Guidelines.
5.  Respect DM/FR settings for all members.  **Do not ping members for DM/FR permission!**  DM and FR permission should occur in-context and while active in chat.  If you share a server with a member, their most restrictive setting applies to this server.  Do not join this server to circumvent DM settings from another server.  Please note: Server Staff will *generally* try to create a <#752172092426027108> attempting to communicate privately with a member.  However, by joining this server, you give permission for a staff member to DM you for server-related issues.
6.  No Doxxing or exposing of private or personal information without permission.  Do not phish people by creating IP-grabbing links or other similar data gathering methods.

-- message break --

7.  Do not DM or Ping "New Arrivals" or fresh "Initiates" unless you are a staff member.  At least let them breath a bit first before you hound them.
8.  Try to keep on the channel's topic or specific purpose.  All channels except for <#752095507618463765> are labeled NSFW.  That being said, please keep NSFW content within context as best as possible.
9.  Self-promotion is only allowed within context and within approved channels.  For example, telling people you make stuff on etsy is completely ok.  But if that's all you chat about, then that's not allowed.
10.  This is an English-speaking server.  Please keep other langauges within context.
11.  Repeatedly causing drama will not be tolerated.  Drama is a part of life and things will naturally happen.  But doing so on a repeated and public basis will result in moderator action.

**"We know it when we see it"**:  There may not be a rule for it.  But we know when someone is trying to be sneaky or creepy.  If it is suspected that this is the case for you, you will be warned or worse.  

+++

-- message break --

All rules and policies are subject to change, but are version controlled.  It is recommended that you keep this channel unmuted for changes that may be published from time to time.  Minor changes, such as clarifications to existing rules or spelling changes, will typically take the form of edits.  Major changes, including the addition of new rules, will often mean this entire channel is purged and re-populated with the new rules.  When this happens, you may either go to our Github repository or watch in our announcements channel for what changes are in effect.

+++

This is version **1.2** and was last edited on 9/30/2020.  For details regarding changes between this version and the last version, please visit the last pull request: <https://github.com/kmorris896/rapture-discord-server-documentation/pull/3>
