docs/public-channels/welcome-message.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: "Welcome Message"
permalink: channel-welcome-message.html
---

**__Welcome to Rapture__**

Thank you for joining!  Rapture is a BDSM-based server where members can explore their kinky side.

Right now, you won't see anything but this and the <#752104497538400306> channel.  That's intentional.

Before you continue, please read and agree to the following Principles:

0.  **I WILL NOT be an asshole.**  Above all else, this Principle is the most important.  Everyone can be an ass from time to time.  We all have bad days.  But assholes are people who don't give a fuck and don't care about the damage they cause.
1.  **I am 18 years old or older.**  We encourage all legally-consenting adults to explore their kinks.  If you are underage, thank you for visiting and please leave the server immediately.  You are welcome to return when you are 18.
2.  **I will follow all Discord Community Guidelines as well as the Discord Terms of Service.**  Specifically rules 7 and 10 in the Discord Community Guidelines:
> You may not sexualize minors in any way. This includes sharing content or links which depict minors in a pornographic, sexually suggestive, or violent manner, and includes illustrated or digitally altered pornography that depicts minors (such as lolicon, shotacon, or cub).

> You may not share images of sadistic gore or animal cruelty.

-- message break --

3.  **I will respect my fellow kinkster.**  Their kink may not be your kink and that's ok!  Kink-shaming will not be tolerated.  Some people may have kinks that violate Discord Community Guidelines.  Exploration of these kink may only be done off-server and with consent of your partner(s).
4.  **I will respect my fellow human.**  Everyone on this server is a human being.  They have feelings, emotions, thoughts, and free will.  We are people who are kinky and are only objects when engaged in a scene and objectification is a kink.  Consent is continual and active process and can be revoked at any time.
5.  **I will respect my mod team.**  Moderators must balance the needs of the community with individual actions.  When in doubt, moderators will promote safety and security above all else, even if that action harms the community in the short-term.  Sometimes it's an impossible job but they do it with joy.  Please leave your comments regarding moderation actions short and drama-free or take them up with the server owner.
6.  **I will respect myself.**  You are the most important person.  Whether you're a dom, a sub, top, or bottom, express your limits and your hard stops.  After all, we won't know what you're about unless you tell us.

-- message break --

When you're ready, please accept the Principles as well as <#752104497538400306> rules by reacting below and we'll take you to the next step: <#752094855991394369>

```
# Add the "Awaiting Initiation" role reaction

!rr add <#752074304224755755> MESSAGE_ID :white_check_mark: <@&752090021967953991>

!rr wl MESSAGE_ID <@&752089891621568563>

!rr verify MESSAGE_ID

!purge 6
```

Commit message:

Updated welcome message to swap "New Arrival" and "Awaiting Initiation" roles

docs/public-channels/welcome-message.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Welcome Message"
permalink: channel-welcome-message.html
---

**__Welcome to Rapture__**

Thank you for joining!  Rapture is a BDSM-based server where members can explore their kinky side.

Right now, you won't see anything but this and the <#752104497538400306> channel.  That's intentional.

Before you continue, please read and agree to the following Principles:

0.  **I WILL NOT be an asshole.**  Above all else, this Principle is the most important.  Everyone can be an ass from time to time.  We all have bad days.  But assholes are people who don't give a fuck and don't care about the damage they cause.
1.  **I am 18 years old or older.**  We encourage all legally-consenting adults to explore their kinks.  If you are underage, thank you for visiting and please leave the server immediately.  You are welcome to return when you are 18.
2.  **I will follow all Discord Community Guidelines as well as the Discord Terms of Service.**  Specifically rules 7 and 10 in the Discord Community Guidelines:
> You may not sexualize minors in any way. This includes sharing content or links which depict minors in a pornographic, sexually suggestive, or violent manner, and includes illustrated or digitally altered pornography that depicts minors (such as lolicon, shotacon, or cub).

> You may not share images of sadistic gore or animal cruelty.

-- message break --

3.  **I will respect my fellow kinkster.**  Their kink may not be your kink and that's ok!  Kink-shaming will not be tolerated.  Some people may have kinks that violate Discord Community Guidelines.  Exploration of these kink may only be done off-server and with consent of your partner(s).
4.  **I will respect my fellow human.**  Everyone on this server is a human being.  They have feelings, emotions, thoughts, and free will.  We are people who are kinky and are only objects when engaged in a scene and objectification is a kink.  Consent is continual and active process and can be revoked at any time.
5.  **I will respect my mod team.**  Moderators must balance the needs of the community with individual actions.  When in doubt, moderators will promote safety and security above all else, even if that action harms the community in the short-term.  Sometimes it's an impossible job but they do it with joy.  Please leave your comments regarding moderation actions short and drama-free or take them up with the server owner.
6.  **I will respect myself.**  You are the most important person.  Whether you're a dom, a sub, top, or bottom, express your limits and your hard stops.  After all, we won't know what you're about unless you tell us.

-- message break --

When you're ready, please accept the Principles as well as <#752104497538400306> rules by reacting below and we'll take you to the next step: <#752094855991394369>

```
# Add the "Awaiting Initiation" role reaction

!rr add <#752074304224755755> MESSAGE_ID :white_check_mark: <@&752090021967953991>

# Add the "New Arrival" Role Reaction

!rr add <#752074304224755755> MESSAGE_ID :octagonal_sign: <@&752089891621568563>

# Whitelist "New Arrivals" can react to this message

!rr wl MESSAGE_ID <@&752089891621568563>

# Make this reaction unique (can only select one)

!rr unique MESSAGE_ID

# remove the last 8 messages

!purge 8
```
